Audio Transcription - Front end (audio.transcribe.front)

One Paragraph of project description goes here

   This project has a interface to allow the user to upload mp4/mp3 files for transcription and download the transcribed
    document once an alert has been issued. A JFileChooser allows the user to select the file to be uploaded (or use
    of a file path) and the file is then converted ot Base64, cut up, and sent in a series of Http calls to the AWS
    Lambda where audio.transcribe.back processes the Base64. A end, front or middle tag is added so
    audio.transcribe.back knows whether the Base64 is complete or not. The user can also download the completed
    transcription by selecting the download JButton, entering the job name and a directory (using a JFileChooser) and
    sending the request. This will send out a http call that selects the file that collects the file from
    audio.transcribe.back to be inserted into the selected directory.

    In addition, the user can select a http of a youtube video to transcribe it. Here, the program uses the 320youtube
    website to download a url which downloads the video when it is called. The program then sends this mp3 to the AWS
    (in the same way as above) and deletes the mp3 to avoid copyright.

    A help window is also available for guidance during the program's use.

Getting Started

   This file can be downloaded from github, using the SSH provided by the website. This is only available to
   the programmers of the software.

   If the .jar file is being used,it can be executed through java -jar audio.transcribe.front.jar when in the correct
   directory.

Prerequisites

Java is required.

Installing

Sign in to GitHub and GitHub Desktop before you start to clone.
On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
Under your repository name, click Clone or download.
Click Open in Desktop to clone the repository and open it in GitHub Desktop.
Click Choose... and, using the Finder window, navigate to a local path where you want to clone the repository.
Click Clone.

To run the program, it must be uploaded to the AWS lambda and activated through audio.transcribe.front

Running the tests

Right click on test.java to run the jUnit tests.

Explain what these tests test and why

The tests are designed to check the functionality fo the code and maintain good coverage in order to prevent damage.
There should be 100% coverage of new code and at least 90% coverage of the full code before merging new branches. jUnit
tests are used throughout though Mockito is also available.

Built With

    Maven - This project if based on Maven, using its Dependency Management system
    AWS - AmazonS3 and AmazonTranscribe are interacted with through the corresponding clients
    Java Swing and gridbagconstraints - used for creation of the front end

Contributing

Please note that this is a private program and only project developers can contribute.

Versioning

    In relation to our version structure. The first number represents the version of our software, the second
    represents large version changes that are not yet released (e.g. a new function or alteration to a large
     portion of the structure) and the third represents small changed that are not yet released (e.g. bug fixed and new
     endpoints).

List of contributors

    Hywel Griffiths

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

Acknowledgments

